So, we have discussed in some detail the multilayer perceptron, and we have tried to give some intuition into why it works effectively. However, the multilayer perceptron is not appropriate for all data and in our history of deep learning and neural networks, we briefly discussed the convolutional neural network, which is one of the most significant pieces of technology from the standpoint of analyzing images and many types of data that we're interested in are in the form of images. So, what I would like to do, in this lesson, is to try to provide an intuitive understanding of what the convolutional neural network is doing and why it works. Through that discussion it is hoped that one will also get a greater understanding of why deep learning works and why deep architectures are effective. So, in this lesson, we're going to focus on images and we're going to focus on how one analyzes images using neural networks. As we've discussed elsewhere in this module, the technology that we're going to discuss here, the convolutional neural network, in many settings is demonstrating performance for analyzing images that exceeds the performance of humans. So this is truly remarkable technology and it's worthwhile to try to understand it from an intuitive perspective. So, to do that, what we're going to do is consider what I'll call toy images. So toy means these are cartoon representative images to try to provide an intuition, these are of course are not real images. But the idea is that we're going to develop here are indeed transferable to real images. So, recall that to do learning, we need multiple data samples, here the data samples will be in the form of images. So the data we're going to analyze are images and so what I'm showing in this slide are three images and then an additional piece of an image, where each of these squares represents an image in the shapes that you see within the image are the fundamental building blocks that constitute the image. So, what we're going to do is we're going to look at the analysis of these simple toy images, with the goal of trying to gain some understanding of the underlying motivation for the deep architecture. So, the thing that I want you to notice about these images, is that each of them is composed of examples of these high, what I call high-level motifs, that are shifted to different locations within the image. So, not any one image is composed of all of the motifs, but each image is characterized by a subset of the motifs and the location of those motifs, changes from image to image. So, if you think about images that you might see in the real world, you notice that, they have certain structures that are repeated such as edges, corners, textures, shapes, this is characteristic of all virtually all natural images. So this characteristic is something that we want to leverage or exploit in the context of the deep convolutional neural network. These toy images will allow us to get a sense of how this works. So again, each image is composed of a subset of these motifs, each of which has shifted to a different location within the image. Now, this look at these motifs a little bit more closely. What we notice is that each of the motifs is composed of often repeated sub-structure. So, what I'm doing here is highlighting that within some of the motifs, we see a repeated substructure, and then another repeated substructure, and another repeated substructure, and another repeated substructure. So, the thing that I want to try to communicate through these slides, is that, the overall image is composed of a subset of shifted motifs. Each of the motifs are themselves composed of shifted, what I call sub-motifs, that repeat within the image. So the way that I would like you to think about the data if we start at the top, each image is composed of a subset of these motifs, these are what I'll call layer three of the model. Each of the motifs at layer three is composed of a subset of shifted versions of the sub-motifs and then each of the sub-motifs is composed of basic, what I'll call atomic elements which are these fundamental shapes. So, the key thing to take away from this slide, is that we believe that data can be represented in a hierarchy. So you also can get a sense of what we mean by deep or multi-layered structure. So what we want to do, is to try to build a model that captures this structure, that captures this representation of images. So, the question is, how can we build a model that can capture the intuition in the way that images might be constituted through a hierarchy of this form?