So, this is to recall the image, just to remind you of the day, the quote unquote data. These are toy demonstration images, to denote this concept. So, the question is, how can we build a model to actually capture this phenomenon? So, what I'm showing at the bottom left is an example image. So, this again is our toy, an example of a toy image. What we would like to do, is to start at the bottom of our hierarchy, and look for one of those atomic elements. So, that triangle that you see on the bottom right is one of our atomic elements. What we're going to do is, we're going to shift that triangle to every location in the image. So, we're going to shift the atomic element, here in the triangle to every possible location in the two-dimensional image. We're going to calculate a correlation. A correlation which measures how similar the local region in the images to our atomic element, which we'll call a filter. So, on the top, what we're showing is the output of that process. So, if you look carefully at the image on the bottom left, you'll notice that there are two locations within that image, where that triangular atomic element on the bottom right is manifested. So, when we shift that atomic element to every possible position in two-dimensional space of the image, when the atomic element lines up with a point in the image where that triangle is actually manifested, we get a high correlation or a high match. So, what we're looking at on the top is a map, we call it a feature map, and what it is meant to depict is the degree of match or the degree of correlation between the atomic filter at bottom right, with every location in the image. So, red in the top image: red means strong or high. So, at those two circular points, those are the locations where that atomic triangle is manifested in the image. Everywhere else where the triangle is not manifested, the match or the correlation between the filter and the image at that location is very small. The process by which you shift that atomic element the triangle, to every location in the image that process has a name is called convolution. So, this is why the name convolutional neural network. The convolution is manifested by shifting that filter to every location in the image. Now, we have multiple atomic elements, not just one. Remember at the bottom of our hierarchy we had multiple atomic elements. So, now what I wish to depict here, is at the left we have again one of our images, and then at the right we have each of the atomic elements. What we're going to do is shift each of those atomic elements, each of those fundamental filters, one by one to every location in the image through two-dimensional Convolutional Process that I talked about. What we're going to get is a feature map for each atomic element. So, remember a feature map denotes how strongly that atomic element matches the local region in the image. So, we call that a map. Its a map that reflects the degree of match between the atomic element in the image. We do that for each of the atomic elements. So, therefore, we get a stack or multiple feature maps. So, that depiction of a stack of rectangles or squares is meant to reflect each of the feature maps for the respective filters. So, using this process, we can see how we can identify each of the atomic elements, the lowest layer in the hierarchy. So, the next question becomes, how can we identify the sub-motifs. Remember the sub-motifs are composed of combinations of shifted versions of the atomic elements. So, now what we're going to do is, we're going to repeat the process, where we're going to convolve or shift filters to every two-dimensional location in the feature map. But here now the filters are many stacks of atomic elements. So, what I'm trying to depict here is one the sub-motifs which is composed of a square, an ellipse, and a triangle. We're trying to find that sub-motif composed of those three fundamental elements. So, it's fundamental atomic elements. What we would expect if that set of three shapes constituting that sub-motif. If that is present in the image, what we would expect is that the respective layers of the feature maps corresponding to the square, the ellipse, and the triangle would be high, strong. We can do this for another of the sub-motif. So, here now is showing a different sub-motif, and so here those three fundamental shapes correspond to three different layers in the stack of feature maps. What we would expect is that, if that sub-motif is present, then the respective feature maps associated with those atomic elements would have strong amplitude nearby each other in space. So, we can do this for each of the sub-motifs. So, what this slide is depicting is that, each of the atomic elements for notational purposes, is assigned a color and the filters at the second layer correspond to the sub-motifs. So, what this is showing via the colors is, those are the layers that we would expect those respective filters at the second layer to have strong amplitude, if they correspond to the respective sub-motif. So, by constituting this filtering process at the second layer, we can now search for each of these sub-motifs. So, then we repeat the process. So, now we're going to convolve this second layer filters which are designed to look for those sub-motifs. We're going to convolve them with the feature maps from layer 1. The process of convolving each of the filters from layer 2 with the feature maps from layer 1 is going to yield a new set of feature maps, what we'll call the layer 2 feature maps. These layer 2 feature maps are going to be telling us where each of the sub-motifs are manifested in the image. Now, we can repeat this process once again. So, now at layer 2 in the middle of the slide on the right, we see each of the filters corresponding to the sub-motifs. Now, what we're looking for is the top layer motif. That top layer motif is composed of four of the sub-motifs. So, each of those four of motifs is assigned a color, and what we're seeing is that, when we look at the layer 3 filters to manifest the motif, we have strong excitation nearby physically of four of the corresponding sub-motifs. So, then we can do this for each of the motifs at the top layer of the model. So, now we're going to have filters which are designed for each of the motifs at layer 3. Then, finally after this we're going to convolve or shift to all two-dimensional spacial locations, the layer 3 filters with the layer 2 feature maps, and then finally constitute a layer 3 feature map.