Then finally, we're going to make a classification decision. The classification decision will be based upon the features at the top of the model, or at layer three. So the thing that is really important to notice about this deep architecture, is that it's manifested by repeated application of the same process. So beginning at the bottom, we take the original image on the bottom left. We convolve that image with a set of atomic or fundamental building block images. So, convolve means that we take each of those atomic elements, we shift it to every location in the image. After we're done with that, we get a map, what we call a feature map, which is a reflection of the degree to which each of the atomic elements is manifested within the image. We do that for each atomic element and we get what we call a stack of features, a stack of feature maps. That gives us the map by which the basic fundamental building blocks are manifested in the image. We then constitute layer two filters. Those layer two filters are looking for combinations of elements from the first layer which are simultaneously excited nearby each other. So, if we have simultaneous first layer atomic elements, which are excited near each other, they constitute a sub-motif. So, the layer two filters are searching for those sub-motifs. We convolve the layer two filters with the layer one feature maps and then we get a layer two feature maps. Then we constitute layer three filters which are now designed to look for motifs, convolve those filters with the layer two feature maps and then finally we get a layer three feature map. That layer three feature map is our final feature map and then based upon those features, we're going to make a classification decision. We're going to decide the classification of the image. So, for example if we're doing radiological studies in medicine, the classification that we might do is to determine whether the image, the medical image corresponds to a benign or a malignant tumor for example. That might be a classification decision we would make. That classification decision is based upon the features at the top of the network. So this architecture is called a convolutional neural network. The convolution is manifested through the shifting process. The neural network is manifested for some other technical details which I'm leaving out here for simplicity. The deep nature of this architecture is evident through the deep construction. So, now the next thing that we have to ask ourselves is now that we have some intuition on how we might design in architecture of this form. In the real world, we don't deal with toy images and we don't deal with these simple shapes. So the question is, how do we design a model that allows us to learn how to build a model like this for real images? That will be the next topic that we will take up in our next lesson.