What is the advantage of this deep architecture? So, we'll go back to where we started. So, remember, that the motivation here was we had those toy examples, and we had those, fundamental atomic elements composed of the shapes. Here, at layer one we have the simplest atomic elements which are the basic shapes. At layer two, we have what I call the sub motifs which are basic combinations of those fundamental shapes and then finally at the layer three, we have the motifs which are combinations of some motifs. So, the thing that one might ask is, "If in this model, at the end, at the top of the architecture, the learning is based upon the features at the top of the architecture, which are ultimately used to make a classification decision. Why can't we just build a model based upon the top layer motifs? Without having to worry about the sub motifs at layer two, and the atomic elements at layer one". What's the advantage of this deep architecture? So, if we were to build an architecture, which was only based upon the filters at layer three, then each of those layer three filters, would be learned independently. There would be no understanding in the learning of those filters, that they share structure. So, I'm reminding you by showing examples of repeated structure at layer three and layer two. That indeed it's that layered structure that motivates the deep architecture. So, any time a particular sub motif is manifested in any of the motifs at layer three, the learning of that motif provides information about the other motifs through the shared information. So, the idea is that by sharing structure, between the different elements of the filters at the various layers, be manifested by the fact that they are all made up of shifted versions of more fundamental building blocks, through that shared structure, and by this deep architecture. We can use our data more effectively, and share knowledge between each of the motifs, such that knowledge of one motif can improve knowledge of another motif, through the shared substructure that they possess. So now, we have a little bit of a sense of how machine learning is manifested. We have a sense of how we build a machine. Here the deep convolutional neural network. We have our first taste of how learning occurs. Where learning is manifested by taking large quantities of data, typically labelled data, which means that we have the data and we have the associated label. We have seen what we mean by learning, learning is the concept of trying to estimate the model parameters, such that the predictions of our model are consistent with the labels, the true labels of the data. We also have gotten some understanding at least some intuition, that this could be quite challenging, that learning can be challenging, particularly when the number of parameters is large. So, as we conclude this module on the introduction to machine learning, in the next lesson, we'll provide some examples of how modern machine learning is transforming life for people around the world. Those examples, and how this technology is providing breakthroughs in many areas, will help to motivate us as we dig deeper, and try to learn more about modern machine learning