So what I'd like to do is to begin
by asking the simple question, what is machine learning? What are the basic attributes
of machine learning? And also why is machine
learning generating so much attention in recent years? Machine learning is actually
a relatively old field. It's been a field of study for
many decades. What has really captured many
people's attention recently is the performance on machine learning
on some very interesting tasks. Here is an example of one. So deep learning,
one of the areas that deep learning has demonstrated significant capability
is in the analysis of images. Here are eight example images. So the thing to notice about these
images is that they are complicated, they're very real life. What the machine, what machine
learning is doing in this case, is analyzing the image and then
assigning names that label the images. So what is shown is for image you see, right beneath the image
the true label of the image. And then beneath that,
you see the five most probable labels of the image as
assigned by the machine. And so,
if you'd look at this a little while, you could see that the machine is
doing a very, very accurate job, in general, of assigning labels
to rather sophisticated images. This is called the ImageNet Challenge, and
it's been an area of study for many years. What we're showing here
are performance on the ImageNet task. I'm comparing different methods
as a function of the year. So we're looking at the best
performance of the, Algorithms, or the machine learning
algorithms, as a function of year. And so we're looking at the error,
vertical axis represents error, and then the horizontal represents each of
the years in which this study has been performed. What you notice is around 2012, there
was a step change in performance, and that was when deep learning, a particular
convolution of neural networks, were used. For the first time at a scale that
actually demonstrated the performance. And so you notice that we see a very
significant improvement in performance around 2012. And then in the subsequent years,
the performance continues to improve. The horizontal line, which is around 5%
error rate, is performance of a human. And so what this slide demonstrates is
that in the last few years deep learning, in the form here of
a convolutional neural network. Has gotten to the point where it can
analyze very sophisticated images with a level of accuracy that
exceeds that of a human on average. So this level of performance of machine
learning where it actually has exceeded the performance of humans is what is
generating significant attention. While the natural images that
I showed earlier are exciting, this performance beyond humans is also,
of course, of interest to many other applications. Such as in medicine, ophthalmology or dermatology which are heavily
based upon image analysis. Machine learning has
in some cases exceeded the performance of medical doctors. Another area where machine learning
in recent years has generated remarkable performance is in
playing sophisticated games. While the games themselves are perhaps
not of significant interest, the ability of a machine to solve
a complex, sequential problem, which is what is represented by a game. And to perform that task in
competition with a human and to beat a human is remarkable. The game Go is an ancient game,
primarily played in Asia, it was long believed
that a machine could not, could not beat the best
human at this game. In the last few years,
deep learning has shown a performance on the game Go that exceeds the performance
of the best players of Go, best human players of Go in the world. So this is a very,
very significant milestone. It's another example of
how deep learning and machine learning are now
solving very complex tasks, often with a level of performance
that exceeds that of humans. It's this level of performance
that is generating all of the excitement in machine learning and
deep learning.